This is the same as the previous war.
It is a battle of the English Empire.
In other words, the movement of the left and right forces at that time,
and the counterattack of the current political power against it.
Also, the desire for the construction of the Great German Empire,
and the existence of a powerful nation in the European continent,
are the elements of the English traditional policy.
It is the result of the British imperialism,
which is against the German policy of the beginning.
The Polish fire station is a tool to acquire the famous items of the war.
In short, the loss of the Honda is the result of the British imperialism,
and the British imperialism is the cause of the British imperialism.
Therefore, the war is both good and bad.
However, the fact that this is the case has not been revealed until the previous war.
Even if the position of the middle class is in the middle,
the situation of the English Empire is not clear.
It seems that the Japanese are also trying to use the advantage of the English.
The situation of the Polish and the German countries is not the lowest.
Next, the strength of the Polish region.
When the situation of the European Union is clear,
the Polish and the German countries are making great efforts to acquire the foreign country.
The strengthening of the independent
The two countries are not only in the front line of the European continent,
but also in Poland, Romania and Greece.
At the same time, the first round of the imperialist war is completed.
In addition, the two countries, the Turkish and the Soviet Union,
are trying to form the second round of the imperialist war.
The Turkish conquest was successful,
but the fact that the German side took the Soviet Union
was the biggest failure of the British foreign policy.
The situation of the European Union has changed completely.
Therefore, unlike the previous war,
the Polish people who are in this war,
the European Union, which was not able to form the Soviet Union and Italy,
has to admit the burden of the strategy in both sides.
It has caused a great damage to the Polish policy.